[SCI] Clarify git metadata upload usage (#20544)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/guide/source-code-integration.md

Repositories on self-hosted instances or private URLs are not supported out-of-the-box by the Source Code Integration. To enable this feature, <a href="/help">contact Support</a>.
</div>

To link telemetry to your source code, you can upload your repository metadata with the [`datadog-ci git-metadata upload`][1] command.

When you run `datadog-ci git-metadata upload` within a Git repository, Datadog receives the repository URL, the commit SHA of the current branch, and a list of tracked file paths.

> This command needs to be run for every commit you need to be synched to Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command needs to be run for every commit you need to be synchronized to Datadog.
```

Reviewer: (Or `synced` but I think there is no `h` in the short version)

Author: Let's pick `synchronized` 😅

> This command needs to be run for every commit you need to be synchronized to Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Run this command for every commit that you need to be synchronized with Datadog.
```
